Add documentation for new number functions (#41986)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/configuration/templating.markdown

- `average([x, y, ...], default)` will return the average value of the sequence. If list is empty or contains non-numeric value, returns the `default` value, or if omitted raises an error. Can be used as a filter.
- `median([x, y, ...], default)` will return the median value of the sequence. If list is empty or contains non-numeric value, returns the `default` value, or if omitted raises an error. Can be used as a filter.
- `statistical_mode([x, y, ...], default)` will return the statistical mode value (most frequent occurrence) of the sequence. If the list is empty, it returns the `default` value, or if omitted raises an error. It can be used as a filter.
- `clamp(v, min, max)` limits the value v to be between min and max, [clamping at the edges](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clamp_(function)).
- `wrap(v, min, max)` limits the value to be between min and max, wrapping the value at the edges; in math speak, that's [modular arithmetic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modular_arithmetic), and in common terms, "clock face math".

> - `remap(v, in_min, in_max, out_min, out_max, *, [steps], [edges])` remaps a value `v` from the range `in_min`..`in_max` to the range `out_min`..`out_max`.

Author: ```suggestion
- `remap(v, in_min, in_max, out_min, out_max, *, [steps], [edges])` remaps a value `v` from the range `in_min`..`in_max` to the range `out_min`..`out_max`.
  If any of the values `v`, `in_min`, `in_max`, `out_min`, `out_max` can not be converted to numbers, an error is raised. Can be used as a filter.
```

  - You can optionally set the `edges` parameter to control how out-of-bounds input values are handled:
    - `edges='clamp'` (the default) will clamp the output to the min/max output range.
    - `edges='wrap'` will wrap the input value around the input range before remapping.
    - `edges='mirror'` will bounce the input value back and forth within the input range before remapping.

>   - You can optionally set `steps=...` to a positive integer to quantize the output to a number of discrete steps.

Author: False positive.

- `average([x, y, ...], default)` will return the average value of the sequence. If list is empty or contains non-numeric value, returns the `default` value, or if omitted raises an error. Can be used as a filter.
- `median([x, y, ...], default)` will return the median value of the sequence. If list is empty or contains non-numeric value, returns the `default` value, or if omitted raises an error. Can be used as a filter.
- `statistical_mode([x, y, ...], default)` will return the statistical mode value (most frequent occurrence) of the sequence. If the list is empty, it returns the `default` value, or if omitted raises an error. It can be used as a filter.

> - `clamp(v, min, max)` limits the value `v` to be between `min` and `max`, [clamping at the edges](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clamp_(function)). If any of the arguments cannot be converted to a float, raises an error. Can be used as a filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `clamp(v, min, max)` limits the value `v` to be between `min` and `max`, [clamping at the edges](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clamp_(function)). If any of the arguments cannot be converted to a float, an error is raised. Can be used as a filter.
```
